IfcElementAssembly Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:37:32.8695288Z (#185)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Domain specific data schemas/Schemas/IfcRailDomain/PropertySets/Pset_MarkerGeneral/Documentation.md

> Signaling marker properties used in railway. The property set can be used by the predefined type SIGNAL_ASSEMBLY of IfcElementAssembly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties common to a signalling marker made as an assembly of elements. The property set can be used by the predefined type SIGNAL_ASSEMBLY of IfcElementAssembly.
```

> Properties of signaling marker used in railway. The property set can be used by the predefined type SIGNAL_ASSEMBLY of IfcElementAssembly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Signaling marker properties used in railway. The property set can be used by the predefined type SIGNAL_ASSEMBLY of IfcElementAssembly.
```
